Erica was excited to be staying with her best friend in Sandy, Utah, for a week-long ski trip. She had been looking forward to it for months, and she knew it was going to be an adventure.The first few days were perfect. The powder was deep, and they spent hours skiing up in the canyons. They would come home exhausted but exhilarated, ready to relax and enjoy each other's company.On the fourth day, they decided to take it easy and explore the town. They went shopping, visited a museum, and even got their nails done. That night they made dinner together and played board games, feeling relaxed and happy.But the next day, things didn't go as planned. Erica was skiing down an easy bluebird groomer when she fell and hit her head hard. She doesn't remember much after that, but she knows that she was taken to the hospital and diagnosed with a concussion. Her best friend took care of her, bringing her soup and watching movies with her.Erica was frustrated that she couldn't ski for the rest of the trip, but she was grateful to have her friend there with her. They went on walks around the neighborhood, baked cookies, and watched the snow fall outside. They even went to a local trivia night and won first place.But despite the fun they were having, Erica was worried about the memory loss caused by her concussion. She couldn't remember much of what had happened since the fall, and it made her feel disoriented and confused. She knew that she had missed out on some important moments, but she couldn't remember what they were.As the trip came to an end, Erica felt a mix of emotions. She was sad that she had missed out on so much skiing, but she was grateful for the time she had spent with her best friend. They had laughed, cried, and shared memories that would last a lifetime.Erica knew that she would never forget this trip, with all of its highs and lows. She was grateful for her friend's love and support, and she knew that their bond had grown even stronger because of their time together. Even though she couldn't remember everything, she knew that the memories she did have were precious and would always hold a special place in her heart.
